These words are all from the lady's brother
Master Lin's global tour development just ended today
How is it? Isn't it amazing?
Still a little milk dog
My trump card is back
Lin Shao, as long as you care, I will destroy it
Xiaobei
You don't study hard in France
Why did you suddenly come back?
Is it a maid from France?
Human cooking is not delicious
You are hungry and thin.
Go back and let them go
Sister, you can call the shots on this matter.
I will come back because
I heard you had some trouble with your brother-in-law
A little bit unable to give up
It's okay, my family Xiaobei cares about me the most
Don't worry, it's just one
The mountain chicken that wants to fly to the branches and become a phoenix
Can't get any wind?
It's alright
What are you two still doing here?
Hurry up and do something
And so forth.
How could there be such a thing?
Hurry up and lose it, don't let the young master see it
The north of the bridge is still small
Look for more positive things
Got it, sister.